"x"
"1" "I first heard about Cedar Park last year when City Paper dubbed it better than Clark Park in the Choice Awards. To this day I don't know what City Paper was..."
"2" "Not much to say - great little park in West Philly.  I definitely think it needs to stay, grow, and be an awesome place for collective coming together."
"3" "Im here for the carrot cake man. I just discovered him *smacks head* and it is the BEST carrot cake eva. I dont even like carrot cake but I would happily..."
"4" "This is a beautiful fenced in dog park. It's a wide field with plenty of  trees, open space, and donated toys that would make any dog happy. It also has..."
"5" "I am beyond grateful to be living so close to the Chester Avenue Dog Park. Yes, it requires membership including proof of current rabies vaccination, dog..."
"6" "What good is a members only dog park for people traveling with their dogs! I haven't been there, as I am not a member. It might be the best park ever, for..."
"7" "Brought my kids here on Saturday evening.  It was really nice, clean and well-maintained.  There is a lot of interesting playground equipment.  The kids had..."
"8" "One of Philadelphia's hidden gems, Malcolm X Park (formerly known as Black Oak Park) is located between 51st & 52nd streets and Pine and Larchwood streets...."
"9" "Super nice park with little kid playgrounds, plenty of grass and tree-canopy. The park is as big as Rittenhouse, but located in this quiet residential..."
"10" "I have mixed feelings about this park. I've spent the past year living a block away, but I've only been a handful of times. Despite the fact that the..."
"11" "I don't own a dog (Yet!). But this is my true side of Clark Park and I love every moment of it. I truly feel that there's good reasons why if you search..."
"12" "Just a heads up-- this isn't a dog park. It's a park with a deep valley (shaped like a bowl) where dogs can go off leash. But it's not fenced-- personally,..."
"13" "I love it. There's not many people during the day which is great for my pup to run around the entire length of the bowl. I love all the other friendly..."
"14" "Sick concrete park built by 5th Pocket Skateparks.  Great for maintaining flow and runs.  Most features within the park are transition oriented but there..."
"15" "Nice little park with some flow under a leaky bridge so stay home if it's been raining. There seems to be an infestation of lantern flies as they're smashed..."
"16" "Smaller and shorter trail, or so it seems. By the time we were done we had walked 5+ miles! Sophie loved it! One issue is no one picks up their dogs mess!..."
"17" "Black Eyed Susans? Check
Clover? Check
Queen Anne's Lace? Check

If there's one criticism to be spoken of about Grays Ferry Crescent it's the job they've..."
"18" "Took our pups to our local dog park and they had a blast. This dog park is located within Lanier Park. It has two separate areas for the big dogs and small..."
"19" "Saunder's Green(e) is not quite park-status, but is at least a nice square block of greenery. It's decently well-kept and has several benches and tables to..."
"20" "this park is basically just a decently maintained patch of grass in an area which desperately needs it. 
doggy poo bag stations at either end mean a higher..."
"21" "*In SNL's Stefan voice*

\"The James G. Kaskey Memorial Park has everything.  Hidden walkways, cardinals chirping in the foliage, bleeding hearts, tropical..."
"22" "I can see us making this a regular chill spot. It's so serene here. I look forward to bringing a good book & a little food to make a day of just relaxing &..."
"23" "I work right by the park/Biopond so I'm very fortunate to have this oasis available to me whenever I need some air. It's a great refuge from the office..."
"24" "Go early. I don't know anything about The hood but it looks rougher than the park. Nice little spot with banks, ledges, flat land, low rails, and hips, Mind..."
"25" "5 stars for a lovely space with beautiful fall foliage. It's a lovely escape from the rest of the city and gives off the vibes of escaping into a relaxing..."
"26" "Nice park. 

1) I enjoyed the walking bridge. 
2) The park is very clean. 
3) It is owned by UPenn, and it is free."
"27" "A lovely space, though not surprising for UPenn. The grassy fields are incredibly big, good for lounging, picnicking, running in circles, etc. There are a..."
"28" "The instructors at Skate the Foundry are great at teaching kids and adults. My son learned a lot in one private lesson, and I learned a lot in one 30 minute..."
"29" "I'm in my 40's and always wanted to learn to skateboard but never got around to it. For my birthday I got a one on one lesson with Brett and it was great! I..."
"30" "Amazing spot to learn to skate for all levels! I've been skating since I was a kid, but never had the guts to Ollie or ride half pipes. Within my first 10..."
"31" "Love this park and it's community! Residents look out for each other and their children/pets. 

The local PHS chapter also maintains the plants and flowers..."
"32" "My pup and I love the Schuylkill River Dog Run and really appreciate the crew that maintains it and keeps it clean and safe. 

When you arrive at the corner..."
"33" "Loved this dog park! It's beautiful, clean, and spacious. They even have pools for the pups! There are two separate runs for small and big dogs and all the..."
"34" "Love this dog park! I've been here several times now with my pup and I've been waiting to write my review till I have a good handle on all aspects of this..."
"35" "The playground portion of this larger park is under construction at the moment. My review is more geared towards the field portion of the Markward..."
"36" "This WAS a great playground. Pretty big with separate areas for tennis, basketball, little kids playground and big kids playground. There is also a mostly..."
"37" "This is one of my daughter's and I favorite park in the city. It's like a little oasis in the city with huge playground for the kids, tennis courts,..."
"38" "Just a great place to come for a date. Came here again with my girlfriend. We brought with us some drinks, fried chicken, and snacks. It was such a good..."
"39" "Great relaxing place to go if you are looking for a nice park with a view of the city. This place is basically a park on top of a garage so you'll enter..."
"40" "Looks fantastic! Can't wait to visit when my friend flies into Philly this month 
It looks to be a very relaxed, inviting environment with great views of..."
"41" "The area offered a diverse mix of sports, playground, and places to sit, but no open restrooms or water fountains, so I guess you aren't meant to hang..."
"42" "Outstanding dog park, with well-maintained grounds and an extremely friendly atmosphere.

Fences with double-gates help ensure that your unleashed dog can..."
"43" "4/5 for solid park space, but can be pretty crowded at times - remember to wear your masks/follow social distancing!

They've got tennis courts, basketball..."
"44" "I have never truly explored Philly before but this view looks promising 
Luckily we had the pleasure of going to Drexel Park which was just down the block..."
"45" "Small park with a few benches, but an amazing view of the city! It was super nice to walk through and take in the city, as well as soak up some sun and..."
"46" "Drexel Park offers sweeping views of Philadelphia from an easily accessible West Philadelphia location. There is a bunch of parking on Barring Street which..."
"47" "I stopped by Drexel Square Park to scope it out as a venue for an outdoor event I am planning. The space is managed by the Brandywine Realty Trust and they..."
"48" "Cute little green space just across the street from 30th St. Station. Great place to chill if you're waiting on a train and the weather's nice. There's a..."
"49" "Drexel Square Park is a wonderful park across from 30th St Station.  I've been coming here for different fitness events hosted by Brandywine Realty Trust...."
"50" "Hmm... a park that has a no dog policy is a huge bummer for me personally. Especially because I walked over to check it out with my pup. Instead of walking..."
"51" "A fun place for neighborhood kids to play. No dogs allowed so that takes out the poop factor. 

Looking forward to the trees getting taller so there is more..."
"52" "Terrific. Needs more work, but I know it's coming. Thank you Sosna for giving us this park. Convenient and safe place to walk my princess Fiona."
"53" "It's always a lovely day in filter Square. 
 A charming spot to wander, or spread out with your kids while they climb on the turtle, bear or ram statues...."
"54" "Cute little park that's a relatively short walk from Rittenhouse, but it feels a world away. Fitler Square is smaller and not nearly as crowded, even though..."
"55" "Beloved square with a strong neighborhood community that takes excellent care of it! Spring & Fall fairs, Santa visits, Easter egg hunts, community..."
"56" "We walked from South Street Bridge to the Schuylkill Banks Boardwalk that extends to the Schuylkill River Trail. The boardwalk is a 2,000-foot-long pathway..."
"57" "Omg - I absolutely love this walking path!

I'm a huge walker, and discovered SB while exploring outside during a training lunch break. 

You see fellow..."
"58" "The riverside greenway is fairly extensive here. It's definitely a case of the city working with what it has, as the river is built up and not especially..."
"59" "Very well taken care of tiny little Park with wonderful views throughout. It feels like you can't go 10 feet without seeing a different selection of..."
"60" "Lovely neighborhood park. Strolled in on a beautiful afternoon and had a great time playing with the pups. There were a lot of dogs (with responsible..."
"61" "[462]

3 1/2 stars

This is a hidden park that I only \"found\" due to a sporting event.   It's tucked away in UD.  There are swingsets, baseball fields,..."
"62" "A hidden gem at the end of the 42 bus line, Naylors Run is a small oasis in the middle of Upper Darby. With tennis courts at the entrance, you walk a windy..."
"63" "This skatepark near the Art Museum was conceived in 2002, and brought to fruition in 2013. It was made from unutilized space, and is now accessible from..."
"64" "Literally an oval-shaped traffic circle located in front of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, the Eakins Oval is noteworthy any time of year for its three..."
"65" "The Ferris Wheel at The Oval is a good ride and you get great views of that party of the city. The food trucks are good too. We had a good time there...."
"66" "Great outdoor park to hangout. Enjoyed a couple of drinks and rode the Ferris wheel. The sunset on the Ferris wheel was really enjoyable. There were also..."
"67" "We went here on a whim after ordering lunch and came here to eat it. It's off the highway and river which is pretty but hard to find parking that doesn't..."
"68" "If you are looking for a little zen time, adventure or a just a nice afternoon in uncomplicated nature then this is the place.

Stay at ground level for the..."
"69" "In the 50's my parents used to take me to these great little hidden gems  for picnics. I would explore..there were paths that led to little areas with a..."
"70" "Sharon Hill Memorial Park is host to the Sharon Hill Borough Cultural and Arts commission events. Often you'll find vendors, food trucks music along with..."
"71" "My daughter loves this park,

Clean the children are usually friendly and play together.

They have all of the basic playground stuff for the kids, slides..."
"72" "One of the best playgrounds in the area. And the kids seem to be respectful of the equipment because none of it is broken or tagged. There could easily be..."
"73" "Such a charming and historic garden! Many plant labels, nice benches, and a wooden walkway along the River. Many happy squirrels chowing on acorns and..."
"74" "I went with some friends recently to Bartram's Garden and it was such a beautiful public garden, with lots of greenery and flowers to enjoy. We took a TON..."
"75" "On the grounds of the country's first botanical gardens is now a 50-acre public park with trails, history and views of the city. Here's what you can..."
"76" "1. Grass
2. Leisure
3. Peaceful

 Whether you want to throw around a Frisbee, tan, or quietly lounge in the shade with a book, this new green space on Penn..."
"77" "If you want to find a place with views of the Philly skyline, then this is the place to go. There are two cutouts in the bridge, which gave me a place to..."
"78" "I LOVE South Street Bridge! It's my go-to for getting from South Philly (through Grad Hospital) onto 76 without a hassle! It's an easy gateway to University..."
"79" "Are you the type that has to get that perfect picturesque background in your selfies? Maybe skyporn is more your twist. Either way this bridge some wondrous..."
"80" "Really great outdoor space. I was here during the afternoon around 1pm. The weather was perfect and they have swing seats which was nice touch. They have..."
"81" "This area is always full of Homeless/Druggies..etc that occupy the swings and chairs, smells like piss and zero security, hang out there at your own risk."
"82" "OUTDOORS, scattered seating / ledges of different types. Surprising events (free!) in summertime. Wide range of vendors, PLUS right inside the classic..."
"83" "I will miss you old Memorial Hall.
Your crumbling walls with decades of stories masked in grime. Little known fact: This building was open to many..."
"84" "My favorite place around the Philadelphia city. Very scenic trail to run, walk, jog, do some cycling or just sit and watch water, birds and or people. It's..."
"85" "I am reviewing Boathouse Row from the perspective of one who walks past the houses on the trail. Great to see the boathouses close up from the side not..."
"86" "As someone who drives by Boathouse Row without much thought then \"POTHOLE...NOW\", it was nice to finally pay it the proper visit it deserves. There are a..."
"87" "Originally constructed to provide drinking water to the city, these water works consist of legacy pump houses and a dam across the Schuylkill River that..."
"88" "\"One of the nicest little places about\" as Mark Twain would say. 

Whenever I come to Philly to see my best friend we always make it a point to visit the..."
"89" "This venue consistently violates noise pollution regulations, and residents in the surrounding neighborhood consistently call the police on the venue during..."
"90" "Lemon HIll is a perfect place to go when you get sick of Kelly Drive, and don't have the heart to go for a long extended run.

It's a stone's throw from..."
"91" "When I was in college, I took a class on Fairmount Park (yay, liberal arts)... and ended up here.

This is a scenic, beautiful revolutionary mansion that..."
"92" "I live nearby and wandered in one day.  It's a beautiful house full of beautiful things and lots of Philadelphia history.  There are great views of the city..."
"93" "Located just north of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, this four-acre garden didn't have much in bloom when I stopped by, but was nevertheless a beautiful..."
"94" "Went for yoga in the park hosted by Philly Parks and it was fantastic. The area is quiet clean and peaceful."
"95" "Had an amazing time doing free yoga in Azalea Garden with my family. It was a beautiful spring day and we walked around a bit before yoga start and took..."
"96" "Such rich history of the United States In Philadelphia and capturing one of many historical figures and moments is the Washington Monument. Located on..."
"97" "Truly a beautiful place with great history. Located in downtown Philadelphia where all flags from around the world are waving.
A beautiful picture of..."
"98" "a pretty spot directly across from the Philadelphia Museum of Art/Rocky Steps/ Rocky Statue."
"99" "This newly opened playground is such a great addition to FDR Park!

There are massive slides, a few \"natural\" climbing features, and one of the biggest sets..."
"100" "We were scheduled to do a 1/2 day ice hike at Ricketts Glen.  I had spoken to the owner Dave and let him know of my disabilities.  He asked a few questions,..."
"101" "Intro to Rock Climbing with Valley to Summit on September 18, 2022. 
This was my second trip to Chickies Rock with VTS and it was wonderful! There were only..."
"102" "Absolutely amazing professional guides!!

I hired this company to guide me through the winters treacherous water fall trails of Ricketts Glen that is..."
"103" "Amazing and very clean overall great fun and my kids really enjoyed this fun experience"
"104" "I've been stuck at home for a while because of Covid-19, which is going around. Therefore, I decided to drive to West Mill Creek Park to get some fresh..."
"105" "This is an amazing dog park. However, this year it has been infested with dog ticks. Please exterminate !"
"106" "We had a great day at Friends of West Mill Creek. Large fenced area for the dogs to run off leash. Maybe even take a dip in the water. Very clean and very..."
"107" "Nice and clean but small park. It has 3 different size slides and 2 sets of swings. There is a small section of the park with pavement. where kids can ride..."
"108" "An open space dog park (hidden behind the pet store and medical office), has lots of trees, grass and sticks - oh my.  A good spot for a frolic with your..."
"109" "I went to Linwood Park yesterday for the \"LOVE Rally\" in response to the horrible events in Charlottesville. I arrived at the park a few minutes before the..."
"110" "While suburbia certainly has its fair share of parks and hiking places, one of the key things that been missing is the communal city style parks; whether it..."
"111" "Linwood Park is still a great place to spend time. They've added a reflexology walk, some more adirondack chairs, a Little Free Library and of course lots..."
"112" "I was in the Merion Station area with a good friend of mine and decided to stop off here to play some tennis. 

General Wayne Park has three courts, which..."
"113" "General Wayne Park is huge, well maintained and used by many of the Lower Merion schools that are in the immediate area specifically for field hockey and..."
"114" "This park has excellent maintained tennis courts - 3 in total.  It was a pleasure to play here and I would highly recommend these courts.  They even have a..."
"115" "Elwell Field is a great park/playground that is on our rotation of places to go with the kiddo.  There are multiple play structures including a large wooden..."
"116" "One thing the Coronavirus has done is send me on new routes for walking the dog.  I've actually been letting him \"choose his own adventure\", which is how we..."
"117" "A peaceful, well maintained local park/garden with some spectacular trees. Check out the \"umbrella tree\" with its oversized leaves. There was a Franklinia..."
"118" "This is opening day and a beautiful one for a visit to the Arboretum at the Barnes Foundation. There is beautiful plant life everywhere, you can smell the..."
"119" "We're new to town -- infrequent residents -- and unfamiliar with the lay of the land.  Imagine my delight to discover this gem, which is less than a half..."
"120" "Favorite place to take my bayyybayyy to get her good and exhausted for a nap...... so I can nap..... lol.... The area for the little kids is sand covered..."
"121" "Decent neighborhood park, adjacent to the Scout House, American Legion, and Narberth Library.

It has a large field which is often used by the CYO for..."
"122" "[612]

This is the field used for local Tball, softball and baseball games.  It is HUGE.. Has about 8 ball parks for various games/levels. 

The volunteer..."
"123" "Absolutely dreadful!!  They have these fields jam packed and people screaming so loud past 10 at night. It's impossible to get you infant to sleep with the..."
"124" "I can't remember if there are three or four courts here.  I'm blanking and I'm mad because last fall I played here twice, sometimes three, times a week!..."
"125" "Ordered tickets the day before for 3 with no issues. Upon arrival, I got our tickets and outside the ticket booth there is some souvenirs that you can..."
"126" "Beautiful grounds exemplifying Japanese Cultural.

Funny story, I went here several years ago with two friends and we decided to just look at the venue from..."
"127" "One of the best \"under the radar\" places to visit in Philly. The garden is beautiful and the house offers a great glimpse into the history, culture and..."
"128" "We attended a gorgeous wedding here. The setting outside was beautiful and the interior where the reception was held was well organized and allowed for a..."
"129" "Nice venue. Was able to check It out during its current pop up beer garden. Well heated given its mid feb, quiet cute get away . Decent food and prices...."
"130" "Came here for Parks on Tap beer garden and loved it. I am glad the Center has provided this beautiful space for people to enjoy. It is so clean, well..."
"131" "The Ardmore Avenue Community Center (AKA \"The Shack\" or \"The Soul Shack\") has been a community institution for many, many generations of Ardmore children...."
"132" "I have spent time at a number of tennis academies throughout the country including a significant amount of time at the Junior Tennis Champions Center (JTCC)..."
"133" "My family spent last summer in Philadelphia and I needed to find summer programs for my 13 year old daughter who was not at all eager to spend her summer..."
"134" "Awesome professionals!  Great program!  Really making a difference in the lives of young people!"
"135" "Have to thank Dave for a great time on the hiking and brewery trip! The outing was very well organized, with Dave being the driver, tour guide, and lunch..."
"136" "I did the Halloween Hike and Brew and it was amazing! So much fun and Dave is such a great guide and conversationalist with everyone. 

Dave was very easy..."
"137" "We enjoyed two awesome events with LMA over the past few years: white water rafting and a ski trip up at Gore Mountain. Dave is a fantastic host and is..."
"138" "Nice little spot for some city views and fishing. Don't forget to say hi to the resident cats!"
"139" "Campbell Square Park is a perfectly representative little slice of Port Richmond life, which as a life long resident really endears it to me.  At any give..."
"140" "Small park but well-stocked on trees. It's a strolling park. Mothers and children stroll after dinner with baby carriages. Old eastern European women sit..."
"141" "Small neighborhood park. People try to keep it clean but it's hard. Nice if your walking and you wanna just sit for  a few minutes. They have several..."
"142" "I can only speak for the ice rink, but they recently renovated it. The ice is good and it's a nice large rink with up to date score board. It is used for..."
"143" "Palmyra Cove Nature Walk is a nice nature spot for a walk on their clean trail. On the trail has beautiful trees, flowers, a lake near by, & deers to see,..."
"144" "The perfect place for a walk! Super family friendly with beautiful trails both wooded and along the waterfront. Lots of parking as well. It was so relaxing,..."
"145" "It is so nice to walk in a park where there is no dog poop or dogs! Whoever manages this park does a great job. The trails are well defined and take you..."
"146" "This is a nice little park that sit's in port Richmond. It's a nice place to bring your kids and just relax and let them ride there bikes or just run around..."
"147" "You think this is the best bridge in the Philly area? You wanna betsy on that? 

This bridge Ross from the ashes of many plans and dreams, and in some ways..."
"148" "Connecting Bridesburg, Philadelphia with Pennsauken, NJ, the Betsy Ross Bridge was opened to traffic over the mighty Delaware River in 1976. It moves..."
"149" "Good ole faithful.  I love this bridge.  This bridge doesn't  have Any openings and the roadway is SMOOTH, like Butter! 

Even on the worst  traffic day, I..."
"150" "It's a nice park and has good programs. Playground equipment could be updated. Otherwise, it's a nice park"
"151" "I was thinking of visiting Brooklyn, and going Tacony Island, if you know what I mean. Maybe to ride the Wonder Wheel and eat some Nathan's?

I used to use..."
"152" "It is hard to believe that prior to 1926 there were no bridges across the Delaware River south of Trenton, NJ. Despite the growing American love affair with..."
"153" "This is the cheapest bridge over to Philadelphia. It use to be $3 when I was growing up, but now it's $4 with inflation and the cost of living. I still..."
"154" "It's a good launch site you got look for a little bit but you're only about half a mile away from the bridge and park it's underneath which works out pretty..."
"155" "The Delaware River is a great place for kayaking, and this specific location provides the perfect drop in point. The river here lines right up with a nice..."
"156" "They now have cool water flowing from a hose with a large (even by great dane standards) bowl!

And to answer Tom S.  Walking away from Ridge Ave.  it is..."
"157" "not good dog park.
not really a dog park at all, is it?  just a doggy day care place posing as a dog park to help their business.
who needs this?"
"158" "My pup likes this park a lot!

It's on the smaller side which is nice to keep an eye on puppy playtime. The ground is covered in gravel, water dishes..."
"159" "Very scenic small park. Lots of people walk their dogs at this park. I sat down on the bench waiting for my bus to arrive. 

Next time I come I will take..."
"160" "A really great place in the neighborhood to set up a badminton net or take the dog!"
"161" "Attended a recent, summer \"free theater\" in McMichael Park. Brought a picnic and watched a funny, professional show in the open space. Nice programming..."
"162" "Whatever \"cool and chill\" means to you, please safely picture the polar opposite when it comes to me planning a hike with my dog. \"Absolutely unhinged level..."
"163" "There are dozens of miles of trails in Wissahickon Valley Park, a lush, 1,800-acre gorge, crossing forest and meadow before plunging down to the sun-dappled..."
"164" "Love love love wissahickon park. Great hike for beginners, can choose to stay on the flat trail or venture into the more intermediate paths. Also everyone's..."
"165" "For years I worked at the Philadelphia Zoo, so close to Fairmount Park. I recently returned to work in Philadelphia after two decades, and it's been a..."
"166" "We went to Fairmount Park which is right outside of the Museum of Art. It was easy to walk through and quite large. The river wasn't exactly scenic, but..."
"167" "A well known spot of green around the city, I can only agree this is a gem to have and should be enjoyed as much as possible.  The park itself is divided up..."
"168" "PHILADELPHIA/MANAYUNK: Bark Social Manayunk is a \"bar for dog lovers!\" You know we love it already!  It was a lot of fun to visit this social club that..."
"169" "Around April 2023, when Bark Social Manayunk first opened, we had an incident with one of the staff members that left us a bad taste. We had been observing..."
"170" "This place has been on my radar since it opened. We were in the area and were able to utilize the free day pass to check it out. The registration form was..."
"171" "The Arrow Athletic Field on the corner of Henry Avenue and Walnut Lane is an open, multi-purpose field that can be used for football, rugby, soccer, or..."
"172" "Absolute garbage.... we went to take our pup BACK as we've visited many times before and it's membership only and they are not accepting new memberships,..."
"173" "Still love this park as it is the best space around.  They have made improvements with a double gate entrance and a partitioned fenced-in space for smaller..."
"174" "Just found this place last week and it is a great resource for tiring your pup out!

Just a large no frills lot for the dogs to run and play. The dogs and..."
"175" "Wissahickon is a beautiful park -- and this is one of my favorite parts of it. 

This is a wonderful area to go for a nice bike ride, a family walk or take..."
"176" "Awesome park for dogs! There are plenty of swimming areas for dogs hidden within the trails. Most dogs were swimming without their leash and were having a..."
"177" "We love bringing our dog here! She doesn't need to be on a leash like another reviewer suggested. There's some great trails nearby too!"
"178" "It's great that Philadelphia has a new park and nature center right near its very heart!  The reservoir in East Fairmount Park which has been off-limits for..."
"179" "Beautiful facility being wasted.

Signed up to go birding on Saturday from 1pm-3pm and apparently my gf and I were the only ones signed up for birding so..."
"180" "The fact that this bird reservation/ gem of an Audobon center and Outward Bound hybrid is ten minutes away from center city astounds me each time I go. went..."
"181" "Fun facts:
-  Called Pretzel Park for two reasons:
a) The sidewalks of the park are twisted like a Pretzel. 
b) There used to be a pretzel vendor in the..."
"182" "Look out for the PRETZEL (it's big!) and you'll know you've made it to your destination. Pretzel Park had a lot of space to run, great play equipment and a..."
"183" "Great farmers market! Fun playground with equipment for kids of all ages. Summer usually has a couple fun events as well."
"184" "I really like this dog park since there are usually a good amount of dogs but not so many that it's overwhelming for my pup. My Rottweiler is very scared of..."
"185" "Great Park! We decided to venture down here from Roxborough to let our pup run around. When we first pulled up it did not look like a dog park. On the far..."
"186" "There is now a fence so that dogs can't escape over the stone wall! My jumping corgi no longer escapes"
"187" "What a cool place!  It was our first time there and my 3 year old had a blast!  There were plenty of different play area for all ages!  The things that...."
"188" "I need to update this review since they renovated. It still is a bit messy and cluttered but the downstairs area is way better. It has little cars and..."
"189" "Super fun - especially for 0-7 yr olds. Lots to do for toddlers especially but plenty for older and younger too. And it's free - donations requested. I like..."
"190" "I bike thru this trail several times a week - and I've also run it.  It's a short little trail that is very well maintained and quite beautiful.  There is a..."
"191" "I love this trail .. it's like a hidden gem. I come here to clear my mind, talk to god and his creations. I love all things nature and the beauty it holds...."
"192" "WOW. I normally don't visit the Manayunk area because I live on the other side of the city, but this trail is amazing. The actual beginning of their trail..."
"193" "MANAYUNK/PHILADELPHIA: a former rail line downtown, the Manayunk Canal Towpath is part of an extended network of Schuylkill River Greenways NHA from..."
"194" "The Manayunk Towpath is a short part of the extensive Schuylkill River Trail: http://schuylkillrivertrail.com/

Portions of the trail remind me of NJ's D&R..."
"195" "Love this place just beware of the Geese when w their babies almost got attacked a few times, also witnessed a few others get attacked . My advice if on..."
"196" "It's been a while since I updated my Park Life list, so in order to do so I'll drop a review of my favorite Roxborough park that's filled with all kinds of..."
"197" "Gorgas Park is a popular park right off of the business district of Roxborough.  It is located near the top of a hill which eventually drops down to the..."
"198" "I love our neighborhood park, though probably not as much as my dog. It's large for a city park with lots of hills and interesting spaces for us to explore..."
"199" "A nice little place to stroll and feel the grass on your feet. I walked around for a while, feeling the energy of mother nature penetrate my being. Pretty..."
"200" "What a lovely place! I came here to bird but saw many people doing yoga in the meadows, walking their dogs, or just hanging out. There's open areas and..."
"201" "Please visit if you have the chance. It's a wonderful place!  There is so much to see, and it's a gift to be in nature not far from center city!"
"202" "I was pleasantly surprised with how large this park is! I am always looking for places to walk my pup, and the large amount of grass is much better for the..."
"203" "The cement/brick isn't ideal but living in a city, any area to let your dog off leash is a plus! Both times we've been the dogs and owners have been..."
"204" "They have water now, gets shut off in winter though, and a double gate. Considerably better experience it's come a long way.  I will say that the..."
"205" "Leo and I used to frequent this dog park often when he was a puppy, but there weren't double gates and I had a close call once with him so we stayed away..."
"206" "We love Hancock Park!  It's a beautiful, well-maintained park with great amenities for all ages. It's always busy when we go over.

I have a toddler, and we..."
"207" "This is the safest park to bring my little one to in the neighborhood.  All of the swings are there and she enjoys herself at this park. They keep up the..."
"208" "This recreational center just got a brand new playground which looks nice, but the rest of it could use a facelift, too.  The ball fields are well..."
"209" "Nice open area with baseball fields, wall ball, tennis courts, roller hockey.  Easy to get to usually dogs there!"
"210" "Multiple fenced in areas as well as a baseball field. Seems to always have at least one or two other dogs present so this place acts as a dog park for me..."
"211" "The \"wiser\" (older lol) I get, the more I like my peace, solitude and peace of mind. From time to time, I literally come to Wissahickon just to get lost...."
"212" "If the museum was open when we visited, we may have enjoyed it more. But there was very little information except for two informational plaques. It's..."
"213" "Hidden between Walnut Lane and Lincoln Drive on Wissahickon Ave is a very narrow driveway. Down that very narrow driveway you will find one of the premiere..."
"214" "This was a wonderful day in the sun for The Strawberry Festival here at The Strawberry Mansion House in beautiful Fairmount Park.  There was so much to do..."
"215" "What an exceptional house and tour.  The tour guide was wonderful.  He was so educated on the house and Philadelphia history.  The house and content were..."
"216" "This was the summer villa for Judge Lewis back in the 19th century.

It's beautifully furnished inside and renovated. The furniture is of the period, but..."
"217" "There's so much cool stuff within the city limits that I've committed to trying to explore something new (to me) every week. Recently that meant exploring..."
"218" "I'm one of those weird Aquarius people who like to explore abandoned buildings, and ancient sites, so I had to check out Stone Arch Bridge! It is an old..."
"219" "Great Pool, if swimmers could follow directions. The Lifeguards has their work cut out for them when ill mannered Youth comes to the pool and not follow..."
"220" "EVER MET A SWIM INSTRUCTOR THAT NEVER SWAM DURING YOUR LESSONS?


Looking for swim classes here? Do yourself a favor and skip to the next center! The swim..."
"221" "I use this facility infrequently; and all I can say is the staff at this location are top notch. They are so friendly, respectful, and helpful.

I've..."
"222" "This is a cute little place to stop by if you like history and antiques. I love old history but if this isn't your jam, you would think this was dry and..."
"223" "Thanks to The Sequester and last year's budget impasse, this national park service location has been closed for the better part of the last two years..."
"224" "Visited blue bell park for a birthday party on Saturday. The area we were in was open but I did see a pavilion so I'm assuming there's a few available..."
"225" "Blue Bell Park is a clean park with minimal facilities, access to Wissahickon Park hiking trails and parking. On both of our trips to Blue Bell we were only..."
"226" "Blue Bell is a hidden gem on the Germantown side of the Wissahickon Creek. It is one of Fairmount Park's best parks because it is used for so many diverse..."
"227" "The beautiful tree-lined swimming pool is fantastic. The staff is friendly and informative and overall, I always enjoy swimming there."
"228" "I was there on Saturday November 10, 2018,  for 2 football games.
1 game started at 1pm, the 2nd game at 3pm.
Luckily my daughter and I went to the bathroom..."
"229" "I started playing football at Mander Playground mid-spring season when our league got kicked off of Roberto Clemente.  I'm pretty sure it must have been..."
"230" "I would give this spot 4 stars but the location needs some improvement. First off the restroom is an issue. I came here for BBQ twice and we couldn't find..."
"231" "We like to play tennis here bc of the number of courts available usually means there is a court free for us to play.  Somedays, there are lessons, and the..."
"232" "My wife and I were here the other day after looking for months for public tennis courts.  We like playing when the urge comes up and have a hard time trying..."
"233" "I was introduced to Kendrick Rec Center by the Manayunk Sports & Social Leagues.  It has something for everyone: several baseball fields, an indoor and..."
"234" "This review is for the pool. Like most NW Philadelphians I drove past the Ridge and Roxborough Ave corner a million times wondering what was behind the tall..."
"235" "I honestly don't know a ton about the actual foundation- I think it's a non profit,from what I can tell they do some sort of leagues for kids, however I..."
"236" "Well kept grounds and great community of people play here. We've met some pretty cool people. Some days are busier than others but the wait is never too..."
"237" "Hidden oasis in the city if you're a disc golfer or looking to learn a new sport. This is right off the bus in East Fairmount-- there are also some parking..."
"238" "We came here to play frisbee golf on a Saturday afternoon. It was moderately busy but people were moving through pretty quickly. It is a total of 18 holes...."
"239" "I loved that there was grass to run on. There are few trees and no deadly sinkholes to fall into. I hate it when there are sinkholes, especially when they..."
"240" "I've participated in both a football league and kickball tournament at this park.  It's very sunny depending on which field or diamond you get assigned on..."
"241" "These fields are spectacular.  I've been playing football here for several years and the fields are always in awesome condition, despite the pounding they..."
"242" "There comes a time in a young 'uns life when he's got to practice flying the nest.  Spreading his wings.  Having his first grand adventure.  Growing up a..."
"243" "I have been on 7 Outward Bound courses. Anyone who loves the outdoors should absolutely check out Outward Bound. The process of becoming unplugged from..."
"244" "Home course. Always a good time(except when I throw poorly) and looks so different throughout the seasons. Go birds."
"245" "Let me tell you something...I enjoyed this outing!  In the time of COVID of doing your best to stay sane; active and social distance..this was a perfect..."
"246" "Went to Sedgely with my uncle to play disc golf, I had the time of my life. I totally underestimated the game. I had so much fun and also met some very cool..."
"247" "I was only in the grounds of this historic home but am looking forward to going back to see the mansion. It's located on Germantown Ave in Germantown. I..."
"248" "The water is absolutely atrocious to look at. That being said, on a decently warm, autumn day - the trail is quite lovely. I went for a walk with friends..."
"249" "I am going to try and take a different approach in adding my two cents on discussing the trials and tribulations of traveling this road. When the reality..."
"250" "A few years ago, I thanked the road gods via Yelp for keeping me away from the Schuylkill for the most part. I must have ticked off those road gods by..."
"251" "Unfortunately, when it comes to park and rec areas, Hillside misses the mark.  Their description \"sitting on 3.8 acres, this recreation facility has a..."
"252" "I'm going to go three stars on this review as a little getaway to take small kids if you live near by to play on the play place.  Haven't been around long..."
"253" "I spend a ton of time at this park and around in the trails behind it. It's extremely peaceful when there are not 3 little leauge and a touch football games..."
"254" "Are you looking for a public park to come play with your dog, kids, or self? 
If so, I recommend this Fairmount Park location.

Stop by at any hour during..."
"255" "A good friend was volunteering at the park for the Street Legends basketball camp, so I wanted to visit while I was in town. I never paid attention to the..."
"256" "This 230 acre park was given to the people of Montgomery County by the estate of George Horace Lorimer, the editor of the Saturday Evening Post and..."
"257" "Lorimer park has a picnic grounds and some good hiking along the creek. There's a nice open field. Pavillion/cabin thing to use too. There are bathrooms...."
"258" "On a sunny day, Lorimer Park is a little slice of heaven. Actually this is just the portion of Pennypack Park that juts into Montgomery County, but unlike..."
"259" "Wow, wow, wow. This trail/park is *HUGE!!* I walked 12,000+ steps, 6.5+ miles, and feel like I didn't even see half of what this park has to offer. 

The..."
"260" "Pennypack trail is a really good trail. It's hard packed gravel and level. Former train tracks. Great place for running, hiking, biking, and fishing along..."
"261" "This is such a great park to eaither have a family cook out, take a walk or even take great photos of all the great scenery. The park is well kept up with...."
"262" "Ridgeway park has a nice little playground. Really nice baseball field. Also basketball court and the tennis courts. Nice neighborhood park."
"263" "Uhhh, All I see is a run down baseball field and some bleachers. There is a walking path that's about 100 feet long and leads out to the street. I'm so..."
"264" "The playground only has one structure and doesn't keep my 2 year old as busy as Burlholme, Pennypack or Fox Chase park, but raising to 4 stars because this..."
"265" "This is such a cute little park/playground. It's enclosed which makes it really easy to watch your little ones. One of my favorite things also is that it..."
"266" "What other township park has a fishing pond, putt-putt, a golf course, tennis, basketball, baseball, and a free kiddie pool? This place even has a paved..."
"267" "Local Abington Park with Tennis, basketball courts, baseball/softball fields, chip and putt, fishing and and a walking/jogging/biking trail.

Playground and..."
"268" "This state park just so happens to be minutes from my home which is great!  I come here every so often to ride my bike and walk my dog.  They have a few..."
"269" "My favorite place to go run, walk or just clear my head. Nice long trails of scenery and grass, butterflies and deer. It's a quiet place to just relax and..."
"270" "It could be worse. Once upon a time this place was nothing but a breeding ground for creeps and their associated activities. Everyone I knew was genuinely..."
"271" "Servicing the neighborhood today. Pest control is great but with the fam drama with the holidays I decided to take a break here. Parked up enjoying the..."
"272" "This is definitely not my favorite. You see some shady and unsavory characters here. It's right near a not so great neighborhood. There is cigarette butts..."
"273" "After a random stop here on the way back to Philly from Jenkintown, I'm still a little puzzled about Tookany Creek. Part of it was very nice and well..."
"274" "One of the most calming walks in the great NE.  Lifelong 19136 resident here.  Sadly I started using this park about 8 years ago (should have used it 20..."
"275" "I'm surprised that there isn't much being done with this nice stretch of land, in a safe residential neighborhood no less. I saw some kids sports teams..."
"276" "Nice little park with good trails for walking. Only complaint I'm aware of is thieves target cars in the parking lot when no one is around. Does anyone know..."
"277" "This is such a nice park and I'm so happy it's only ten minutes from my house!

We were invited a hs graduation/birthday party last Sunday.  The host had..."
"278" "POD is a large park with a lot to offer. There are fields and benches, paved trails and more rugged ones. Meadows, trees, open spaces. It has it all, and..."
"279" "Went on Christmas nice any time of year. We weren't the only people there enjoying the peace"
"280" "Omg talk about peaceful!!! They have a playground for the kids with plenty of options to hang from. There is also access to the river. They have a fish..."
"281" "Reasons to NOT GO TO THIS PARK...
1. It's really really clean and I don't want trashy people finding it and destroying the common areas.
2. The bathrooms..."
"282" "The review is for adjoining kids playground. Describing a visit in mid January 2021 on a Friday afternoon.
PROS: It's a solid wooden structure. It has nice..."
"283" "Very nice family park to enjoy with your little ones. I definitely recommend! Check it out!"
"284" "If you ask my kids, they'll tell you 5 and they are really the ones who matter here right? 

There's a big, beautiful castle structure, decorated with hand..."
"285" "Little community park . 

A winding  walking trail lead along the water. There is a bridge you can cross over to the train station. 
Or go strain up to the..."
"286" "Huge outdoor space with \"real\" bathrooms outside. Large stage with dance floor.
Large enough for any type of event.  Indoor space is a little dated looking..."
"287" "Playground (no swings). Basketball. Hockey rink. Nature walk. 1970s Helicopter is park centerpiece."
"288" "Super fun. You will be tested on your balance and heights. Did this with my 9 yo too. 

Would def do again."
"289" "A great way to have fun and to get some exercise in for the day. Tickets are $60 (for adults) for a two hour climb. no experience is necessary because they..."
"290" "This park has many wonderful memories of my youth.  I adored going here.  I had my first real kiss here and everything!  I went recently on a run and..."
"291" "Beautiful park,  love the foliage and creek on the outside of the park, my pups had a wonderful time socializing and meeting new humans!"
"292" "This dog park is HUGE. It is well maintained and they provide poop bags. I went about 5pm and there was a good group of about 6 dogs that all played well..."
"293" "Such a nice dog park with two separate areas for different size dogs. Most owners clean up after their dog so it's really well kept -- they provide doggy..."
"294" "This playground has the basics (slide, jungle gym, swings, baby swings, plastic slide structure) and enough open space to play ball. It's local and they..."
"295" "This playground has the basics (slide, jungle gym, swings, baby swings, plastic slide structure) and enough open space to play ball. It's local and they..."
"296" "This playground is made for running, sliding and just having fun. We went on a Saturday morning in March and had the whole place to ourselves, but there..."
"297" "Hmm the playground is a bit more crowded than others (Burholme, Champion at Susquehanna, Ciegelkowski) but it does have water play - water shooting out of..."
"298" "Atmosphere:
It is good! Lots of kids ( respectful ) as well.
The area is clean to say! 

Pool:
There is actually a pool there that I did not even know about..."
"299" "This is your standard playground. I give the rec center and hockey rinks 5 stars, but the playground isn't anything amazing on its own right. We need more..."
"300" "Perfect for playing on the playground ....... Perfect for school picnics for younger kids (preschool aka pre-k)....... ALSO perfect for playing tag and..."
"301" "Yay we've been waiting all summer for this to reopen (it said it'd be ready by spring). 

Baby swingset is in shade which is great (no hot seats on hot..."
"302" "Perfect day to break the kids new norm of the fortnight routine. And get out to throw the football around. Clean perfect for the fam. Would recommend"
"303" "Me and my daughter love this playground. 
We usually come for hours. 

It's great when the splash pad, water area is on though especially on very hot days...."
"304" "Lots of trees and shade, so great for sunny days when other playgrounds are too hot.   Though I remember this playground being cooler when I was a child -..."
"305" "I promised my son to take him there, Sunday morning, calling 3 times, online says open so we go there.. We came to the place and it's full of indian..."
"306" "Really happy to have found this place online. The long,  cold Philly winter is tough with young kids and this is a great way for my 5 year old to burn off..."
"307" "Not best for children under 3.

There are three sections - the gym, the main room with dramatic play, train table, coloring table etc, and then a small..."
"308" "Andalusia is such a hidden gem!! Located in Northeast Phila, right on the Delaware River, this arboretum/garden estate is honestly magical. From the moment..."
"309" "Andalusia has two very unique aspects- it's directly on the banks of the Delaware and it has the remains of an old vineyard with equipment and fascinating..."
"310" "When you enter the estate the welcoming and warm spirit exudes from every person on the grounds. The estate Dog Ziggy TOO CUTE!!!
Beautiful Serene Amazing..."
"311" "We were here in late November. The trails are mostly flat and family friendly. A couple small boardwalks where the path gets muddy. You can walk the whole..."
"312" "Amico Island is a State Park near Cinnaminson, NJ, with very cool vistas of the Philadelphia skyline, and natural Delaware River shoreline at its confluence..."
"313" "I was first told about this location from LL Bean. On one of the slightly warmer days in winter, the dog and I decided to head on over and check it out. The..."
"314" "If we are talking basketball, Bensalem Chargers is way beyond a FIVE STAR. Our middle son loves basketball but was not a great player. The Bensalem Chargers..."
"315" "Not a recommended place. The parking is non existent. The building is poorly maintained on the outside. (Eyesore) On the inside the floors are laminate and..."
"316" "Honestly had an amazing time here for the weekend stay. Alittle pricey but the staff and quality was up to par. Our room was constantly cleaned throughout..."
"317" "Rittenhouse Park during the holidays is magical. Go shopping, grab dinner and visit the park under twinkling lights. -Tatum Isenberger"
"318" "Nice and relaxing square. Lots of benches and you can see lots of people use this as their picnic destination. The statues are well placed as well as are..."
"319" "Rittenhouse Park is located in a city square space in downtown Philadelphia.  Great place to picnic or sit on a bench with a snack and people watch.  It is..."
"320" "The park is one of the five original parks planned by William Penn, founder of Philadelphia. 
The main walkways are diagonal and meet at a central oval..."
"321" "I am pretty passionate about urban green spaces and Rittenhouse Square is, to me, a pinnacle of what they can be at their best. Being from Rochester, the..."
"322" "This is an oasis in Center City! It is a little pocket park sandwiches between buildings on Chestnut St across from Nordstrom Rack. It has a beautiful..."
"323" "A little gem of an oasis in the middle of the city. Perfect place to grab lunch or sit down with a kid or a book. Not a destination, more like a place of..."
"324" "A hidden gem. A beautiful sanctuary. A place I hesitate to write a review on because I wouldn't want it to be overrun. 

Come sit on a bench and read your..."
"325" "My afternoon of exploring Philly near our hotel continued here.  Only a single review from 8+ years ago?  Here's number two!  :)

THE PARK:
Taking up a..."
"326" "This little park is located between office buildings at 17th and Arch. It is around the corner from Wawa on Arch St. It's a quiet little oasis to sit and..."
"327" "I really like Logan Square Park and Rittenhouse Square Park, but they are usually crowded no matter what time of the day you go. Other than during luch..."
"328" "I was born and raised in Philadelphia and have had dealings with many of our fine cities' institutions. Sometimes it went well sometimes not so well. We..."
"329" "Much of the grand traffic circle here at Logan Square consists of open parks and plazas dotted with fountains and memorials, but little of it is shaded...."
"330" "The park is located on Logan Square. It features a café, boat pond, educational garden and commemorative fountain. The 11 spouts in the fountain represent..."
"331" "Unique little park that's great for toddlers in the summer! We brought a little duck and released it at the top of the stream and followed it under bridges..."
"332" "This is a grand traffic circle with additional green spaces surrounding it that collectively form a rectangular open space full of public monuments and..."
"333" "The park is one of the five original parks planned by William Penn, founder of Philadelphia. At the center of the roundabout park is the impressive Swann..."
"334" "I love walking through this circle on my morning and afternoon commute! The Swann fountain is beautiful. It gives off a fine spray as you're walking by that..."
"335" "Kudos to Philadelphia for opening Sister Cities Park - along with a great cafe and an excellent, clean, safe (so far) Children's Garden.

Our family loves..."
"336" "Hey! This place is pretty cool. I had just spent a a day wandering around the Franklin Institute and wanted to get something to eat before heading home. I..."
"337" "My new favorite public place on the parkway. It is such a small area something like 1.75 acres. But it's jam packed with so much awesomeness, it made my..."
"338" "I just saw one of the LOVE sculptures at the Museum of the Arts in New Orleans, but I'm a sucker for LOVE so I had to go to the iconic LOVE sculpture in..."
"339" "While on a mini vacay in Philly on 08/26/2023 & doing some exploring/sightseeing in the downtown area, my hubby & I made a quick stop at Love Park to snap a..."
"340" "Even though the LOVE sculpture here at this park is smaller than some of the other ones around the world, I still enjoy stopping here whenever I visit..."
"341" "I love that Philadelphia is upping the game with green space especially in Center City! I eat my lunch here if I'm working in Center City. There's lots of..."
"342" "Dilworth Park is a staple of what Philly represents. It's buzzing with people walking for work or leisure, people grabbing lunch with friends, people..."
"343" "William Penn, the founder of Pennsylvania, originally intended Centre Square to serve as the center point of Philadelphia. City Hall stands on Centre..."
"344" "It's not the biggest of parks, but it provides you with one of the best ground level views of the cities many skyscrapers. It also has a beautiful rock..."
"345" "Pros:  Greenspace
Wild flowers
Benches
A place for my 5 year old to run & play
Well maintained paths.

Cons:  Small
Lots of homeless on aforementioned..."
"346" "This is a cute, tiny park that I get to walk past every weekday on my way to work. 

I've walked my pup through here, and I love how many paths there are in..."
"347" "This is a great little pocket park in Logan Square.  The garden is attractive, there are plenty of benches and there are a few grassy areas where people can..."
"348" "This is a charming park that is named after Matthias Baldwin, who founded the Baldwin Locomotive Works.  The locomotive factories once dominated this area...."
"349" "The worst. More of a doggy retirement center than a dog park. Their rule list spans several pages including rules like \"no barking\" and \"take your dog for a..."
"350" "Dog park open to registered users.  It is a great little park with nice dogs, clean turf and plenty of dog bags.  My dog loves going there.  She can spend..."
"351" "Great place for your Dog, and a great Dog Park for the Neighborhood\"
From our Dog's Perspective, Great Place to Socialize with friends from the Area\"
Happy..."
"352" "Park is locked at night.  It is very clean and well maintained. 

The basketball court has changed a lot since the Fresh Prince shot some b-ball and got..."
"353" "Fun park, clean with nice people in and around it. Could use some tlc, any rain created a puddle on the full court."
"354" "I played kickball here and the fields were always in great condition.  I'm looking forward to another season of playing there."
"355" "Formerly a viaduct for the Reading Railroad, these overhead tracks have been converted into the first phase of Rail Park, which promises to be Philly's..."
"356" "Great opportunity to check out The Rail Park. 
There are three phases to the park.  Only the smaller phase one is completed, situated near Broad Street,..."
"357" "Alongside historic tracks that led to Reading Terminal is a new urban park that looks like NYC's High Line. Only a small portion is open, but there are..."
"358" "Came by here to volunteer/help clean up the park for the Philly LOVE your park service day.

Tbh it's a very quaint park. Just benches and trees, but it's..."
"359" "A lovely spot to have in the neighborhood to read or enjoy a grab and go meal in the sunshine. The Washing Square Civic Society takes great care to keep the..."
"360" "This is a charming little park in the Gayborhood neighborhood featuring a bike rental station, several benches and what appears to be live music throughout..."
"361" "In my time exploring the various dog parks of Philadelphia, I have seen Seger Dog Park transform into a beautiful space. I have been coming by more often..."
"362" "Not bad overall size for a dog park in the downtown area. A little on the small side for large dogs, but park is very well maintained. Good thing most of..."
"363" "This is a review about an aggressive dog and her rude owner. We have been coming to Seger for a year now. The environment at this dog park is great and..."
"364" "Discovered this wonderful quiet spot on my wanderings during my lunch break. It's designed like a garden square, with plenty of seating around and very dog..."
"365" "Great spot to sit and read a book on one of those funny orange lounge chairs or a bench. Not too crowded or loud, and usually some cute dogs to watch..."
"366" "I love this park. I remember when it was first installed, we were lucky to have it after the city tried to sell it out from under us when property values..."
"367" "Extremely dissatisfied and disappointed in restaurant week. Restaurant and parking which are on your site both refuted what was there. We booked Bellini..."
"368" "They seem to be doing a decent job to promote Center City by making it clean and safe. I always see their employees cleaning the sidewalks when I am in town..."
"369" "Was here for restaurant week this past Sunday.  Aside from parking we love center city!  Circling the block a few tmes we were able to find a spot right..."
"370" "This tiny gem of a park is surrounded by colonial buildings and on a Sunday afternoon was filled with birds but only one human other than us & may simply be..."
"371" "We walked through Washington Square a few times exploring Philly. As a key part of the city's civic architecture, this was 1 of 5 squares established as..."
"372" "A beautiful place to stop and take a rest while roaming through the historical sites nearby.  There are places to sit in the shade for a break without being..."
"373" "The park is one of the five original parks planned by William Penn, founder of Philadelphia. It's a block away from Independence Hall. During its early..."
"374" "A nice little park on the outskirts of Old City. I went to the Chinese Lantern Festival with a photography group. It was fantastic! The lanterns are..."
"375" "The park is next to the Benjamin Franklin Bridge. There is a mini golf course, carousel, and burger shack located here. There is also a Once Upon a Nation..."
"376" "Been to Franklin Square a couple of times - aside from special events, there is also Mini-Golf here as well.  Was walking around and saw Philly Chinese..."
"377" "Talk about a park that can be relaxing and lively at the same time. Bardascino is a small brick laden park on a cozy South Philly corner. there are plenty..."
"378" "Awesome park. It's the closest park in the Bella Vista area unless you wanna trek to that median near Bainbridge and 5th or so.

I really like the bocce..."
"379" "I love this park. It makes me feel like I'm in an old Philly neighborhood, but a little upscale. I love to grab a banh mi near Washington Ave. and walk up..."
"380" "Buddy would have been so proud!  (not sure if he has passed?). Lots of dogs, people chatting, little area for kids to play. A little Greenhaven in the..."
"381" "It's a strange little park, but it fits the neighborhood well. The grass is bald in parts like many of the little old men who sit out on benches in front of..."
"382" "It's not the biggest of parks, but it's a quiet little place to sit in South Philly while taking in a little bit of nature. There's an abundance of park..."
"383" "What a cute park! My husband and I had just picked up water ice from John's and I asked if he knew of any parks nearby. The man is a born and raised city..."
"384" "Although I didn't stop by at peak bloom (that would be around now, in June), this is still a cozy, shaded oasis in the middle of a touristy, historic area...."
"385" "Really pretty historical park among all the buildings downtown.
I wish it was kept up a little better, I think the flowers could use some water.
This could..."
"386" "I'm not exactly sure of the name. Need more research. The point of this Yelp is to call out yet one more of dozens of tiny, quiet, obscure, sheltered little..."
"387" "The Late Carrie Turner Richard Allen Homes  Resident Excutive Director 1980-1986 West popular Neighborhood director 1986-1994 Nehemiah Community Development"
"388" "I love this park. It's half block sized and great to walk through. Though I don't quite understand how it is suppose to be a park when there are 'no..."
"389" "A petite but beautiful garden, particularly in the early spring, since magnolias are among the first trees to bloom. There are 13 of them, in fact - one for..."
"390" "Magnolia Garden is a very special, small, but unique garden that is tucked away on an off the beaten path residential area. It's one of the hidden gardens..."
"391" "Another hidden garden in a part of the city with a bunch of cute gardens. It's enclosed with a well-maintained patch of grass, some (uncomfortable) metal..."
"392" "This large open space in Passyunk Square recently received renovations throughout that bring all of its amenities up to date. Most of it consists of a..."
"393" "Dog poop, genos and pats steaks wrappers and household trash line the perimeter of this park. Obviously the neighbors don't respect their own park. The..."
"394" "Pretty good place to ball. Can get crowded at times. The court surface sucks and sometimes there no nets but went oct 2014 there were new ones up. If the..."
"395" "Located on 4th and Catherine, this park offers an immense feeling of \"community.\" People are friendly behind those masks! After coming here for over a year,..."
"396" "This place is a DUMP.  Ever since a team of idiots came and remodeled this graveyard everything went to shit.  Something that absolutely SHOOK me to my core..."
"397" "Tennis courts in Philly? About as hard to find as an editorial position at Vogue.

The best ones are definitely at Seger Park (behind Whole Goods on..."
"398" "This park is wonderful! The neighbors do a good job cleaning and maintaining it and they host clean ups. There's also a free little library here."
"399" "Jefferson's namesake park, is in a ghetto. There are leaves and wrappers blowing in the wind. Some stone walls and vase toppers. Drunks hanging on, on..."
"400" "In a way I'm really not surprised that Jefferson Square hasn't been reviewed on Yelp until now. Even though its been a part of Philadelphia since 1854, it..."
"401" "Revisited this spot for the first time in a while, on a recent business trip.
Ate my breakfast in the park.
Can't say I felt overwhelmingly safe with..."
"402" "My husband and I visited Philadelphia for a day recently, and we stayed in this area. We walked through the park/square briefly, and it's quite nice...."
"403" "Beautiful, mostly well mowed outdoor square. The center of the Rittenhouse shopping area. Not enough seats. Get towed parking here.

4"
"404" "The highlight of Logan Square, Swann Memorial Fountain honors the founder of the Philadelphia Fountain society and is framed by large Native American..."
"405" "Beautiful fountain located at the center of Logan Square. Since my visit was in March the fountain has not yet been turned on for the season.  Still it is a..."
"406" "Stopped by this fountain during my 1-day stay in Philly in late-October. The afternoon sun made for some nice picture-taking. This fountain reminds of the..."
"407" "Heinz is a place I miss when I haven't been, to check up on her seasons and changes, see how the wildlife is getting on, and take a deep breath of fresh air..."
"408" "This is a great refuge to visit late in the city of Philadelphia. The John Hines national wildlife refuge is a beautiful place. It is well-maintained and..."
"409" "This is such a relief to have close to the city. I have been here many times to hike the Wetland Loop (which is about 3.5 miles). My latest trip was this..."
"410" "Eight acres with baseball and soccer fields, basketball courts, tennis courts, a pavilion, swings, bathrooms and picnic tables right on the Darby Creek...."
"411" "This peaceful park is along Arch Street and is a nice break on the way to the Betsy Ross House on the next block. There is an interesting sculpture of..."
"412" "A petite public park that's located next to a fire station. Sadly, I observed no hunky scenery when I stopped by, but there were still many things to..."
"413" "It's a nice small serene park where the water fountain drowns out the street noises. Definitely a small area of respite."
"414" "Take the tour or do it self-guided, there is still plenty to see here and lots of names you'll recognize. Of course, Benjamin Franklin is the big draw but..."
"415" "If you had visited Christ Church you can buy a combined admission there.  Or if you like you can buy and admission to the burial ground when you visit.  If..."
"416" "Admission to the burial ground was $5 which I paid with a credit card.  You get a self guided tour map with admission. The fee goes towards restoration..."
"417" "This is a kind of interesting little section of Penn's Landing which deserves its own callout. At first glance, it may seem bewildering but there are..."
"418" "Nice beach walk nearby with a few restaurants that are pretty good. Although they aren't on Yelp, avoid Vurger at all costs. Most of the shops just sell..."
"419" "Hove Lawns inspires one of those quite frequent moments where you turn to the nearest listener and proclaim \"aren't we lucky?!\" and then nod in mutual..."
"420" "Hove Lawns is a stones throw away from my house. In the summer when I have friends and  family come to visit, I always take them there so they can sit and..."
"421" "Go with a book, food, pillow, music or a date. It doesn't matter it's just plain relaxing. Nothing more to say."
"422" "This Pier is beautiful especially when the sun is coming up on the bridge. Great place for some peace of mind in the morning. It's breath taking and so..."
"423" "I've been coming to the Race Street Pier since it opened as a public space. I've gone there for movie nights, for exercise, or just sitting and enjoying the..."
"424" "Impossible to find, both apple and Google maps show it as an abandoned building, we walked the entirety of the trail with no luck"
"425" "I decided to take my little Roxy girl to a doggy park. I usually take her to further ones like in Glenside, Horsham area, but I didn't want to drive far..."
"426" "Wow! Such a great dog run. Long. Very clean. Shaded with large trees. Lots of benches. Water source and water dish. Equipped with a pooper scooper. Views of..."
"427" "Cool spot to go to for a night out with the family, friends, or a date.  There are a couple of spots to get some quick bites of food, nothing fancy.  The..."
"428" "I've been here multiple times in my life, to experience the many different talents that come here to grace the Great Plaza stage. I just realized I had..."
"429" "A great place to get away for the night and unwind with your significant other, lots of fun and great atmosphere. We came all the way from Maryland and will..."
"430" "We caught the Plush bus down to Penn's Landing. It was a great deal, it rides to famous attractions in Philadelphia for $5 and seniors ride for free all..."
"431" "Much improved over the years and in winter my teen enjoys the River Rink.

Lots to see and do in summer, too.
Famous for Fireworks (and crowds) on July 4th."
"432" "Great atmosphere and ample food spots. Pier is beautiful and my friend's and I had a great time."
"433" "I found Spruce Street Harbor Park online while researching fun and cool places to visit in Philly and it didn't disappoint. Sure it can be fun during the..."
"434" "I am obsessed with Spruce Street Harbor Park! I've been here sooo many times driving all the way over from SJ numerous days because it is such an awesome..."
"435" "The workers here don't work - the bathrooms are disgusting- they don't want a certain type of person here - while running to tell you what not to do..."
"436" "Mario Lanza is a beautiful little park in the Queen Village neighborhood that houses a dog park, two small green grassy areas, and a space in the middle..."
"437" "The dog park is managed by Queen Village Canine (QVK9) - an organized social group of dog owners promoting responsible dog ownership, outreach, and..."
"438" "As far as dog parks go, this place is great. It gets a little wet after the rain and there can be some puddles, so beware of that! 

Other than that, it's..."
"439" "I can't believe I have never reviewed this park. It has become a part of our daily routine in the last 6 months. My pup loves this park. He pulls us there..."
"440" "Nice place for your dog to run and play with other dogs. BUT the owners are all too often preoccupied with their phones and do not watch that their dog is..."
"441" "Oliver loves this place, and so do I! Great place to bring any breed of dog to socialize. Such a great community feel for the humans too. A ton of room to..."
"442" "I love Liberty Lands because it's a very versatile space that's big enough to encompass several different uses at once. For instance, yesterday there were..."
"443" "Nice little park near a dog park with a playground, lots of open space, trees, and a stage area. Great for community events! Their fall fest was a hit this..."
"444" "I first came across here when my magazine organized a table at this years first annual realizePhiladelphia Festival. I was instantly impressed by how serene..."
"445" "South Philly, PA
A very private small park. Rarely anyone here when Im there. Good place to just chill in the neighborhood. Hush, this is a secret spot...."
"446" "It's a fine park overall. But I don't recommend going there with a dog. There is usually an old lady there that will threaten to steal your stuff and rip..."
"447" "Konrad Square is definitely a gem in the neighborhood. At any given time of the day, there are kids playing, teenagers hanging out (possibly up to no good..."
"448" "Moderate park in the neighborhood.  Fine as far as having a place for the kids to play, or to stop off on a walk/jog for some relaxing on a bench. Clean..."
"449" "This park is a treasure to have in Fishtown! Penn Treaty Park is for the tiniest human (children), to the furriest animals (dogs), to the people wanting..."
"450" "On some of my weekend walks I end up at Penn treaty park. The park that is named for being the location in which William Penn signed a peace treaty with the..."
"451" "I've had this place on my list to check out earlier this year and finally had the opportunity during our weekly family day on a Saturday.  It was a hot and..."
"452" "I've taken all my dogs here and love the recent upgrade of the astro turf. Just wished the entire thing was just that! There's gravel that let's up dust..."
"453" "Johnson Park in the pretty Cooper Grant neighborhood of downtown Camden has been beautifully restored by Rutgers University.  Johnson Park is named for..."
"454" "Over 68 acres and with all sorts of sporting possibilities, Cinnaminson's Memorial park includes eight baseball fields (two lighted), two large-sized soccer..."
"455" "Very large beautiful nature and sports park located on the edge of Cinnaminson and Pennsauken Townships. A leg of the Rancocas Creek runs thru this park...."
"456" "Great park to take the kids to or play sports.  Playground, baseball fields, roller hockey rink, and batting cages."
"457" "Everything that was nice about this park is gone. I deleted the photos I added to my review four years ago showing the nice seating, shade, and quirky..."
"458" "This is a nice dog park located in Cheltenham. The dog park is HUGEEEEE. I like the fact that they separated the park for small + large dogs. It's free to..."
"459" "Great park for dogs to run free. Clean and I have been here four times and never witnessed any aggressive dogs or problems with owners. There is a water..."
"460" "I absolutely love this park. For the most part owners and dogs are great. The only thing i don't like is when everyone leaves because of one aggressive dog...."
"461" "Pastorious is the unofficial dog park of Chestnut Hill. It's a beautiful spot and anyone who goes here should be ready to be around dogs. If you want a..."
"462" "The Pastorious Park Summer Concert Series is the oldest one in Philadelphia. In this beautiful park in Chestnut Hill, music fills the air on Wednesday..."
"463" "So relaxing to be here. Love this park. My wife took me here first 30 years ago. We go there with our kids and granddaughter now. Convenient to the shops..."
"464" "Loved it here! Came yesterday for some safe, socially-distanced outdoor LDW activities and was not disappointed. Parking is pretty limited, but luckily..."
"465" "Great park for hiking, walks with your pets and photography.
It's a short drive outside of downtown and has lots of streams and hiking trails. Be sure to..."
"466" "Came here to get some fresh air and exploring with our kids and dog - and everyone enjoyed it, especially Jersey (dog).

There are paths that go down to the..."
"467" "This is my regular, jogging and walking spot i.e. the forbidden trail. It is a 7 mile approximate distance where all of your local neighbors and friends..."
"468" "Such a pretty spot for a hike and lunch! We were so lucky to still see some fall foliage."
"469" "Great trail system, but don't leave any valuables in the car. I got every credit card stolen on Sunday, October 8 2023. My purse was hidden, and someone..."
"470" "On google maps, it says Koontz Park is a dog park. It is not a dog park. There are doggie poop bags, that's it. It's a little playground for human young'uns."
"471" "I've been able to check out some of the outdoor exercise equipment a handful of times in the morning, when it's not too crowded there.  I've also brought..."
"472" "Awesome. Play areas for toddlers to twelve year olds. Actually, adult exercise equipment and basketball courts too. 

A working clean water fountain and..."
"473" "It's a decent playground. One set meant for kids from 2 to 5. The other for 5-12. Lots of slides and lots of swings. 

It is not particularly..."
"474" "Beautiful local spot for a nice outdoor walk!  We had passed by here and there by car in the past, and then learned on Google Maps recently that you can..."
"475" "Wow what a find this preserve was!  Another trail looked insanely packed so we looked around on Google maps for an alternative and decided to check this..."
"476" "JUST FIVE MINUTES FROM IKEA!!!!!
5 mins!!!!
5 mins!!!!
5 mins!!!!

If you have antsy kids in the car before or after your trip to nearby IKEA, or if you're..."
"477" "This playground is amazing and has something for every kid of any age! It has things for munchkins who like the simple things as well as things for the more..."
"478" "We'd passed by the sign near the CVS many times without knowing how to actually get to this place.  Eventually we figured out (with some help from Google..."
"479" "The Bryn Mawr Gazebo is as its name suggests, a gazebo which serves as the stage for a concert series each summer. Bryn Mawr Twilight Concerts are presented..."
"480" "I occasionally visit Ashbridge Memorial Park to play tennis or to take a leisurely stroll. 

Today, I stopped by to play some tennis, but I couldn't since..."
"481" "Great park! Could use some more shade, the slides and everything get really hot!

Playground, trees, field to roam, benches, bathrooms, sidewalks, parking..."
"482" "I drive by this park frequently when I travel into Bryn Mawr, and it wasn't until last weekend that I actually got to take the kids for the first time. We..."
"483" "Love this little local gem.  Drove past here dozens of times before turning in out of curiosity, only to discover a nicely sized park with a large open..."
"484" "Great local park that (for now) doesn't usually get too crowded, and has some nice trails to walk around. They have a butterfly garden in one section, and..."
"485" "I stopped off at the Rita's Water Ice across the street and picked up a nice, fresh chocolate ice cream. Unfortunately, that Rita's does not have any..."
"486" "Penbryn Park is well known in Glenside for its local baseball games, and the township pool. Great place to spend an afternoon with family."
"487" "Came to Penbryn Pool, it's right next to the park.

They have 2 decent sized pools, one of them has a water slide, and there's also a tiny wading pool for..."
"488" "It's 2.3 acres of land.  Near the Rosemont train statin, McDonald's, subway, CVS, and papa john's.  I have passed this place for 20 years without ever..."
"489" "Great large and small dog parks with several obstacles and watering fountains. 
Large and entertaining playground.
Bathrooms closed, but there was a opera..."
"490" "We loved the park at first sight. Is pretty huge and on to that bad part: the whole field is covered with weed burrs. We didn't  spend 10 Mins in the park..."
"491" "3 Stars: for their dog park because they have decent facilities for pups but no extras so you will need to bring a few things when you come here.

The dog..."
"492" "meh....not a fan. Laurel Run is the baby cousin of the VASTLY SUPERIOR Pennington Park in Delanco. THERE, there are paved walkways and established trails;..."
"493" "This park opened within the past week on what used to be a large field of grain (which it looks like the park dept. is trying to reestablish as a meadow..."
"494" "Nice little park in Maple Shade.  Kind of tucked away, didn't even know it was here.  There's an interesting old house sitting on the property, I have no..."
"495" "PROS: A beautiful place to go fishing or kayaking. Nice grass for picnics and nice walks. The name is unique too since it reminds you of the Friday the 13th..."
"496" "I am proud to be the first to review this park. Well, it is mostly lake. I will explain.

Fishing types go bonkers over this place consisting of twenty..."
"497" "Large green and wooded spaces along the Delaware River. We swung by for a lovely walk through the wooded trails along the river. While some of the trails,..."
"498" "Neshaminy State Park is great for a family fun day, nature walk, bbq, bday party or just a nice day outdoors. The park is huge with lots of amenities to..."
"499" "I haven't been in here in years but I'm glad I stopped! The park is less than 3 minutes from I-95 Street Road exit. I had an errand up that way and was..."
"500" "I love Swedes Run Dog Park!! Has wonderful seating areas and water for your pups. Big and small dog in closures. My favorite is the trails going around the..."
"501" "This is a nice large open dog park that's perfect for socializing your dog. 

The park is separated into a park for small dog and a park for large dogs...."
"502" "Nice big park for the pups to run and play.  Has 2 sides, one for dogs under 35 pounds and the other for larger dogs.  The park can get crowded, but usually..."
"503" "Great playground with challenging activities for all ages! Will keep them busy for hours."
"504" "It's ok it just about perspective and what you looking for, it has a playground that's cool, I just think it's not that big enough to run and stuff but has..."
"505" "AMAZING PLAYGROUND with a castle theme!  The crew who constructed the idea & layout did such a superb job.  There's balance beams, monkey bars & rings with..."
"506" "This is the place to go sledding in Moorestown.  The rest of the year it's nice to walk around and explore the woods at the bottom of the hill."
"507" "What a cute little place!

This past weekend they had their first Easter Food Truck Festival, and I do not think that they anticipated the crowd that they..."
"508" "This is a great place in which to get some fresh air and exercise. There is a paved path that encircles the main area in the front of the park; a small..."
"509" "When I go back home to visit my family and friends this is one of the places I typically stop.  Great area to walk, and a nice play area for kids.  Keep an..."
"510" "This is formerly Veterans Memorial Park near Neshaminy High School. It is a really nice park that is dog friendly and well kept. It has several basketball..."
"511" "Used to play in this park when I was younger. We ides this park for training while was on high school track team. I've been here for family gatherings. I've..."
"512" "I have a soft spot for Millcreek Park, having grown up here in Willingboro. I went to Summer Camp here, and made some really great memories here. I even was..."
"513" "To know Millcreek Park is to know your childhood. Birthday parties, fireworks, and tentative dates are the stuff of life that make more life.

O.K., O.K., I..."
"514" "Cute, new, well kept little play area. 
Walking paths
Picnic tables including a handicapped accessible table"
"515" "I prefer to call it by its past moniker: \"Olympia\". This review will be written in indirect Greek.

First, a history lesson. This park used to be a quarry..."
"516" "Good place for hiking with children or bird-watching. 

This park is small with trails that are well-maintained with boardwalks that jut off to offer views..."
"517" "My boyfriend and I came here for an afternoon walk with our dog on a Friday afternoon. Paths are clean and well made so you don't have to worry about..."
"518" "I really enjoy this park, with its gravel paths and scenic views of Boundary Creek. Though the park is on the smaller side (as far as hiking goes), the..."
"519" "Flat packed gravel trail. Easy pleasant ride. Lots of shade. Not too many people. Walk, run, or bike!"
"520" "This small community park on 2nd Street Pike, Upper Southampton, PA, was once the farmstead of the Richard Leedom family, whose people can be traced back to..."
"521" "This is a very small park, but if you just want a quick jaunt into nature it's not bad. 

The parking situation is a bit confusing. There's two main parking..."
"522" "Went to see the butterfly exhibit. We had an excellent guide named Ian. He was extremely knowledgeable about the butterflies native to the Bucks County..."
"523" "This was a one-of-a-kind experience.
I must laud the effort and commitment of the staff/volunteers working at the nature center. Everyone here is so full of..."
"524" "Beautiful little treasure tucked away in Churchville. The center has some insects and reptiles for big and little kid to check out. There is a beautiful..."
"525" "If you are ever in Philly and enjoy looking at art/graffiti or skateboarding then this place is a must see. There is a huge bowl, a half pipe, and some flat..."
"526" "Great chance to see a LEGEND skatepark.
Ultimate DIY.
lot of work to maintain, surfaces were ROUGH this late 2017 November day...
Better suited to ADVANCED..."
"527" "Requires helmets. Great skatepark. Both for skateboarders and bikers. Has a nice little walking trail too."
"528" "It's the YEAR OF THE PANDEMIC and social distancing is a must. But on a nice day, that might be hard to find in public. My sis remembered this park, so we..."
"529" "No dogs allowed.   That's enough for me to never go back.   Lighten up NJ.... the second NJ park I've been to where dogs aren't allowed.   

Turns out the..."
"530" "Sweet little gem of a park. The paths are well groomed, clean and mostly free from goose poop. Lots of picnic tables, people spread out in socially distant..."
"531" "Asian and Spanish markets on the weekends. Great place. The park is beautiful with ponds and brooks.  The little league fields are outstanding and..."
"532" "PHILADELPHIA: Tinseltown Holiday Spectacular is a magical event from mid-November through January 1st that allows you to walk through an outdoor winter..."
"533" "Great park to soak in some nature! I came here with a friend to hug a tree and enjoy the beeytiful scenary!

FDR park is huge with plenty of parking. It..."
"534" "I originally did not have a problem with Soupy Island at all...thought it was great...until last week my daughter was approached and asked how old she was...."
"535" "A blast from the past, this is the most unique children's play place in South Jersey in terms of history & sheer longevity.  Open just 3 days a week for 6..."
"536" "A fun tradition- we've gone for the past two years :) make sure you seek out the donations area, so that you can keep it running for future generations!"
"537" "Unfortunately we still have people sleeping in this park (yes, even in freezing weather).So, there are human beings sleeping in this park that you have to..."
"538" "This park is a great multipurpose place. You can play baseball/ football/ soccer on the huge grass areas or walk the dog. There is a wide variety of people..."
"539" "Not a bad park. A clean well kept place. The park is a little dead during the week thou."
"540" "I'm not sure why this place has no reviews, but it really needs to. My kid and I have been coming to the playground at the rec center since the start of..."
"541" "The staff at this park are awful. They have nothing better to do than harass the people who come here. It's supposed to be a public park, but yet the public..."
"542" "[744]

A cool place to take your dog especially if you don't have a large yard.  

There is plenty of space to run and relax and not feel crowded.  

Tons..."
"543" "I do not have a dog however, I have two friend who do and they love it. Its a place dogs can be dogs for a while. The only downside I have is some people..."
"544" "This is a relatively large dog park that requires a membership fob to get inside. Check the website for pricing. We started going with our catahoula in the..."
"545" "I like this park, even though the local residents may not. It has the basic swings and slides for the kids. There's also a basketball court. The locals also..."
"546" "If my dog could write Yelp reviews, he'd give this place 5 stars, but I think he'd give any place with ample pooping space 5 stars, so that doesn't tell you..."
"547" "I have lived across the street from this park my whole life. It has gotten so much better than it was a few years ago. It is much cleaner thanks to a fellow..."
"548" "Path is great for those who have a hard time walking on unstable ground. Also very scenic and has a cool breeze coming off the water"
"549" "This is a beautifully repurposed, remodeled and renovated park. It's overlooks The Delaware River where you can see the Marina in Ridley Park. On this warm..."
"550" "Very cute park, well maintained. We went out of our way to go to this park because of the splash pad. The splash pad wasn't running and according to some of..."
"551" "This is a very nice park. Astroturf in the kids area so they won't get muddy (brilliant). There are many old Sycamore trees which are gorgeous and provide..."
"552" "Much like Jefferson Square Park (http://www.yelp.com/biz/jefferson-square-park-philadelphia?hrid=HXl7DlrCnaLA9iLGadtx_w#src:self) Dickinson Square is one of..."
"553" "A five star.. For the \"memories\". 
The park rehab has come a long way..
~ park area for children
~ basketball 
~ concrete path w dog waste stations 
Keep up..."
"554" "This park is beautiful and clean. It has a hickey area, basketball court and a tennis court. There is a playground for kids and a baseball field. It has a..."
"555" "We came here because we heard this pier is supposedly known for fishing, located on the Delaware River Waterfront. Some pros about this place was when we..."
"556" "Hard to give a complete review, when we went for some reason no one opened the gate to the park itself so could only walk around the outer grounds. Overall..."
"557" "I wanted to love this place... and to be honest I do.  It's right near my house, and I like to think its my tax dollars hard at work.  

My hesitation arose..."
"558" "Great place to bring a book and unwind - it's sort of a well-kept secret and I'd be lying if I said I didn't want it to remain that way. Just off Columbus..."
"559" "We came here on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't too crowded. I love that the outdoorsy vibe that this playground gives off. You feel like you are in the..."
"560" "Jenk's playground is attached to the John Story Jenks public elementary school in the heart of Chestnut Hill. The playground is open to everyone in the..."
"561" "Truly one of the best playgrounds in philadelphia.  it is endlessly big and my son never gets bored.  There are always kids there of all ages.  There is a..."
"562" "Lovely trail that's easily accessible throughout the Philly area, and it goes quite a long way.  We've usually picked it up around the Conshohocken train..."
"563" "such a lovely path to walk! It was not overcrowded with tons of bikes. Most people were either jogging, biking or walking. I walked from Market Street..."
"564" "We picnicked by the Waterfront by the river. Close to the bathrooms and parking lots. Lots of people go to scooter, bike and run on the trails. Close to the..."
"565" "This place never ceases to amaze me.  The staff are so wonderful and the grounds are just so so amazing.  

Every time I go - I see something new and the..."
"566" "It was really nice here.  We came around Halloween on an unseasonably warm day when there was a scarecrow competition going on. The grounds here are..."
"567" "My husband and I stopped here while on a road trip passing through Philadelphia. Originally we did not plan on coming, but had to change our plans last..."
"568" "Loch Alsh is a small park centered around a reservoir in the middle of suburban Ambler.  Most people don't know it's here but it is a pretty break from all..."
"569" "Not that large of a park, but a number of pavilions and picnic areas available.    A few volleyball nets and a large playground is also near a couple of the..."
"570" "We used to pass this park all the time but never turned in to check it out.  This year, we finally turned in to look around and found that it has lots of..."
"571" "Took advantage of a beautiful autumn day in these times of COVID-19 and met friends for an afternoon hike in Fort Washington State Park. It was a pretty..."
"572" "If you are black beware if you come here , I feel as being a black man with my dog coming to this park it's always something because of the breed I have but..."
"573" "Never again!  My 5 month old puppy was poisoned in the small dog space by all the black walnut pods laying all over the space. As a puppy, she ate 1/2 of..."
"574" "MonDaug is the first dog park i'd ever been to, so at first i didn't know any better.  now that my pup and i have been to a few parks i know that there's..."
"575" "Fun trail to walk on, goes through the woods but it's mostly paved.  We went some time ago and haven't been back, but would be fun to try again with the..."
"576" "We took the dog and checked out this trail today.  It was a little muddy, but not too bad.  We turned around at the stepping stone crossing over the creek..."
"577" "One of my most favorite trails near me when I am in residing in the United States is the beautiful 'Green Ribbon Trail' in Montgomery County.  This 12 mile..."
"578" "Found this spot when I first moved back to the area after several decades of being away. I moved here from a beautiful lake out west, so I'll always in need..."
"579" "Nice in the cut park. The kids loved it there. Nice lake view, and playground for all ages."
"580" "This park is a great park. That is really nice. For a nice sunny day. Good for walks. This park is not closed like it says here on yelp"
"581" "Always loved this art piece. Cool oversized game pieces of Chess, Monopoly, Dominos, Pahrcheesi/Sorry game pieces that sat scattered in the plaza since the..."
"582" "Fun for photographs! Giant size monopoly, scrabble and bingo sculptures! Now you play here! haha"
"583" "Such a random thing to come across! When we came to Philly the last thing we thought we would come across were GIANT game board pieces! 

In the early..."
"584" "The BLM sign on the building is all they do take care about! 
All your taxes will go to some unnecessary things but the L&I of Philadelphia is a complete..."
"585" "City of Philadephia super bad bad any street 
Too small and very bad  too many hole 

This place not place for peoples tours"
"586" "This review is limited to the Monument to the six million Jewish martyrs located in the Memorial plaza. I ran out of the car in a pouring rain while my..."
"587" "This is a nice, be it small plaza located in the heart of Philly across from love park. The plaza has many features that you may miss. The most prominent..."
"588" "Located in a triangular park near both the Cathedral of St. Peter and Paul and the Franklin Institute is this sculpture commemorating the Polish scientist..."
"589" "The Sun reflecting off this sculpture caught my eye and I crossed the street to check it out. I think it's specifically designed to catch sunlight and..."
"590" "Whenever I see a statue or public art, I always want to find out what it's about (and then write about it on Yelp*).  When in Philadelphia, I came across..."
"591" "Stunning! I passed by the city hall a few times a day walking my way around Philly. There are many angles and sides of this glorious building to admire. The..."
"592" "Dreary, dark, miserable, dirty, crumbling, cold, ruthless, indifferent.

Lots of corruption behind those closed doors.

But the history trumps the many..."
"593" "Loved the architecture and the style of the Philadelphia City Hall, in all its Second Empire glory - it houses the Philadelphia City Council and the mayor..."
"594" "Disclaimer: Bases on the Yelp page, my review will be about the attraction and landmark if the Comcast Center rather than their services.
 
The Comcast..."
"595" "While out in Nevada early July, I had unexpected surgery. Comcast shut me off for non payment, fair enough. I rectified this immediately. They will not..."
"596" "Their customer service people are absolutely the worst trained non thinking callcenter next to Sirius XM.

You know, once I called american express about a..."
"597" "Unveiled in 1934, this monument honors all of Pennsylvania's African-American veterans who have served our country, dating all the way back to the..."
"598" "We generally don't do a very good job of honoring black veterans in this country. I did manage to find the \"Unknown and Known Afro-Union Civil War Soldier's..."
"599" "Philadelphia is a city rich in history and has many monuments and statues, the \"All Wars Memorial to Colored Soldiers and Sailors\" by sculptor J. Otto..."
"600" "The Poe House has limited hours so be sure to make time during those hours if you're available.  The Poe House was a fantastic and creepy visit.  We started..."
"601" "I'm not a Poe expert (more of a Lovecraft fan myself), but given the man's literary influence I thought this house a worthy stop. The original house is a..."
"602" "The beautiful & tragic remains of one of Philadelphia's most prolific writer, may this house allow you a snippet of the sad life of Edgar Allan Poe. After..."
"603" "Came with someone who eanted t9 chexk this location out. Sunday is the best day!!! Not a lot of people, so you could enjoy the offerings and take your time...."
"604" "I love visiting museums it's one of my favorite things to do This one is for all the history people they have interactive  movie panels and some art I even..."
"605" "Very interesting and unique museum. 

They have a mini gift shop at the front and then about 3 levels full of items. The second level was VERY interesting...."
"606" "Closed for renovation but you can still walk by and see the site where Thomas Jefferson drafted the Declaration of Independence. There are a couple of..."
"607" "Unfortunately, this building has been closed for a while, but hopefully they will reopen again soon. Either way, you can't help but get chills as you walk..."
"608" "I was not able to visit this site, also known as the Graff House, because it was closed. There is no rhyme or reason when the building is open, if open at..."
"609" "You can't beat a free tour. Lots of really interesting information on the history of the U.S. Mint and how the coins are made. You see the entire process..."
"610" "Let me preface my review by saying I love to see how things work.  When I was a kid I disassembled my \"Close N Play\" record player (to my parents' dismay)...."
"611" "Not allowed to take photos inside the mint!  But very cool and informative venue.  The \"museum\" here is awesome.  It explains things we take for granted--it..."
"612" "Wow Eastern State Pen. I can confidently say this is the most well-done Halloween attraction I've ever experienced. These tickets are worth every penny, as..."
"613" "I saw this while looking up things to do in Philadelphia and immediately added it to the to-do list during one of my upcoming trips.

I decided to go on an..."
"614" "This was such a unique way to spend an evening. My friend and I opted to do the nighttime tour and used the headphones. 
The penitentiary was much larger..."
"615" "Visited: Sunday - November 15, 2015 - 10:00AM

The \"first-to-review\" of P E. is spot on. Armed with a cup of hot coffee and bathed in warm sunny day, I..."
"616" "This is a wonderful park nestled in the borough of Ridley Park.  Fish off of the dock or the shore, or just enjoy the walk around the lake.  There is 14..."
"617" "I recently visited this department to enroll my kids in tennis lessons for the summer... They offer plenty of activities for kids and adults... Have free..."
"618" "I am biased because my best friend's mom worked with the city to get this park refurbished and my best friend used to just a few houses down, so I've grown..."
"619" "This is a gem in the heart of Swarthmore. It's the perfect size toddler park to let your little one run off some steam. Swings, slides,  and fire truck to..."
"620" "The \"tot lot\" is a park is fenced on all sides and great for young kids.  This park has a fully equipped play area with swings and plenty of other things to..."
"621" "Been to this field twice for baseball games.  Fairly well maintained infield, outfield grass is a bit long but hey - who's isn't.

Tennis courts are nice..."
"622" "Great park for the little ones, out had two parts one for larger kids and a another for the smaller kids with a gate. Basketball hoop adjacent to this play..."
"623" "Fantastic hidden gem, friendly guides & lots of information about the history of the lighthouse."
"624" "The Tinicum Rear Range Lighthouse began operation on the evening of December 31, 1880.  The lighthouse is a steel skeletal structure standing 85 feet tall..."
"625" "I have visited this lighthouse three times, and I have climbed it once. Located in Paulsboro, I considered this an enjoyable site. Perhaps this is because I..."
"626" "Simply beautiful & HUGE complex of walking trails, sports fields, banquet rooms, the amphitheater and of course their restaurant. 

Today's visit was for..."
"627" "Went here for a wine festival and it was a great location. Great are and community center."
"628" "I was very disappointed when I went to Riverwinds for a college fair. The building is gorgeous but the security staff was incredibly rude and unprofessional..."
"629" "Another historic gem in Delco, which was home to a signer of the Delclaration of Independence.

(Below info from Wiki and the Morton Project Websites):

The..."
"630" "A fun adventure for your littles.  My grandbabies had a blast.  I think it could use a little touch up, but the girls loved playing and climbing.  The sand..."
"631" "Had my son's 7th birthday party here. We could not rent the space but did snag luckily the tables under the Gazebo. Hired a magician to entertain the kids..."
"632" "A fun place to lose your kid. That fortress is pretty cool, but if your helicopter a mom like me you will be frantic trying to locate your child. There is..."
"633" "The Navy Yard has undergone some serious renovations over the past few years, turning the East side into a campus of innovation for corporation development...."
"634" "This is my favorite place to stay when I travel to Philadelphia for work. Love that I can walk around before or after work and get some fresh air. Nice..."
"635" "Went here for an event and drove around to see the area. So many cool things to do and see. Can't wait to go back and tour the grounds."
"636" "CBP is one of the better ball parks in the MLB. The fan experience is great! Nothing like watching the Phils, whether it be April or October. The playoff..."
"637" "I've been to almost all of the baseball stadiums  and flew in just for a game here. It's a really really really good ballpark. 5 stars is for the best of..."
"638" "Went to Pass and Stowe at Citizens Bank Park.Formwly it was McFadden's Ball Park.What a terrible atmosphere compared to what McFaddens was.

Absolutely no..."
"639" "Crum woods is a lovely area to take a stroll; walk or hike through!  I saw bicyclists; families walking their dogs and swimmers in the creek!  Crum Woods..."
"640" "This probably belongs in \"hiking\" and \"parks\" and \"pets\" if there is such thing...

We were looking for good places to take the dog where she could run..."
"641" "I didn't know we could review the woods- I really didn't know woods had names and addresses, thats kind of the splendor of the wood. 
but I love the woods..."
"642" "I'm glad they revamped this playground recently! Growing up around this area, I've grown up with the previous playground which was just a typical not really..."
"643" "This place is fantastic w bike repairs, supplies, advice for purchasing bikes or accessories, and meeting your needs for biking, esp if you have children..."
"644" "The Action Wheels team offers great products and services.  These aren't department store bikes but if you are looking to take your cycling to the next..."
"645" "Very helpful staff, all of whom are knowledgeable but super-friendly. We moved to the area from MA and local bicycle riders told us this was the only place..."
"646" "The Murphy Recreation Center is located within the once Greenwich Playground. There is a grass field and nets for soccer, baseball, and various other team..."
"647" "Today was my first Philadelphia public pool experience and I was pleasantly surprised! The pool and deck were very clean and well maintained. The pool was..."
"648" "Great place to have some fun, throw some axes or hatchets.  Noah was a great teacher and guide for my group.  The staff makes sure fun and safety are at the..."
"649" "Attempted to go bowling on a Friday and was told that there was a 2hr wait. Looked this up and was able to make a reservation for 3. (Remember this is BYOB..."
"650" "This is the most fun I ever had axe throwing. My axe master Adrienne was a wonderful coach. I got the one armed technique down as well as double axe..."
"651" "We love Palumbo! My son's preschool comes here for some play outside, weather permitting. There is a lot for kids to do from 1 year old to 5+ on the..."
"652" "What an excellent part of BellaVista! A really nice playground. I love that it is close to the shade too, so it's not baking in the sun all day. However,..."
"653" "Palumbo has a great playground that's kept up very well.

Maybe because their posted hours say that the gates will be unlocked at 9 AM on the weekends, and..."
"654" "My kids and I really enjoy this park! The toddler area is perfection for any little kiddo to explore. The swings, the toddler sized playground equipment,..."
"655" "This is one of our favorite city playgrounds! I just wish the building was open regular hours, especially on the weekends (kids need a potty!). I like that..."
"656" "This review is for their swim lessons.  Breanna has been our instructor for about a year now.  My children were very fearful of the water and Breanna has..."
"657" "We love kids on 12th. This is my daughter's 3rd year of pre school and camp with no turnover. She is thriving. The program is a combo of free play,..."
"658" "I enrolled my son at Kids on 12th at the beginning of the spring this year. He finished preschool with them, and then attended summer camp. I have been..."
"659" "I've been on winter and summer trips with this company and love their laid-back feel. They also have amazing happy hours with free beer once a month."
"660" "In a hurry to pick up sis from airport, I pulled into a cash only lane, not realizing it til I was at toll booth. Left my cash at home. Cashier was taking..."
"661" "This Jersey girl has warm memories of visiting my grandparents (God rest their souls) and taking Walt or Ben - my dad let us take turns picking. 

I also..."
"662" "This bridge coming in from NJ ALWAYS has the far right lane closed anymore AND a forced merge of the far left lane regardless of time of day.

During the..."
"663" "Nice park with a decent amount of play equipment. Stuff for bigger and littler kids. There is also a basketball court and tennis court."
"664" "Really nice trail generally shared by walkers, leashed dogs, joggers, strollers and an occasional bike!  Early mornings or at dusk pretty common to see fox..."
"665" "Great 1 mile trail for a walk or run. The trail goes from the YMCA to Manoa Road, and is going to be expanded later in 2021."
